README.md, before:

# ldtk

[![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/bevy_ldtk.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/bevy_ldtk)
[![Docs.rs](https://docs.rs/bevy_ldtk/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/bevy_ldtk)
[![Katharos License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Katharos-blue)](https://github.com/katharostech/katharos-license)

A crate for reading the [LDtk] tile map format.

This crate implements the Rust structures necessary to Serialize and Deserialize the LDtk map
format using [`serde`].

## Example

```rust
use ldtk::Project;

fn main() -> Result<(), Box<dyn std::error::Error>> {
    // Load the map
    let map: Project =
        serde_json::from_slice(include_bytes!("../examples/full-features.ldtk"))?;

    // Debug print the map
    dbg!(map);

    Ok(())
}
```

[ldtk]: https://github.com/deepnight/ldtk

## Extra Documentation

For more information on using the LDtk project structure inside of games see the [LDtk
docs][ldtk_docs].

## Naming Conventions

This crate uses the same struct field names as the raw JSON format in almost all cases. The
exception to this rule is for fields that are named `type`. In this case the name of the field
will be prefixed with the name of it's struct, converted to snake case, for instance
`field_def_type`.

### The `__field_name` Convention

It is a convention of the LDtk map format to prefix certain convenience fields with two
underscores, such as `__tile_src_rect`. These fields are redundant, as the information in them
is also present elsewhere in the project structure, but they are provided in some cases where it
may make traversing the project structure much more convenient.

The double underscore prefix does **not** indicate that the field is a private field or an
implementation detail.

[ldtk_docs]: https://ldtk.io/docs/game-dev/json-overview/

## Build Configuration & Features

This entire crate is automatically generated from the [JSON Schema](http://json-schema.org/)
from the [LDtk repo](https://github.com/deepnight/ldtk/blob/master/docs/JSON_SCHEMA.json) and
can be automatically updated with LDtk releases.

By default the crate will use a copy of the JSON schema that is built into the crate so that it
doesn't require network access to build, but you can supply the `download-schema` cargo feature
to make the crate download the JSON schema from the LDtk repo.

This crate currently has the schema for the following versions of LDtk built-in:

- `v0.8.1`
- `v0.7.0`

As newer LDtk versions are released we may update add new built-in schemas and update the
default schema to the latest one. Updates to the default schema are a breaking change and a new
release of this crate will be made.

### `LDTK_VERSION`

You can specify which version of LDtk you want to build this crate for by setting the
`LDTK_VERSION` environment variable at build time. Without the `download-schema` feature, the
`LDTK_VERSION` will default to the latest built-in schema version.

When the `download-schema` feature is set, the `LDTK_VERSION` will default to `master` which
will pull the latest schema from the master branch of the LDtk git repo.

## License

LDtk-rs is licensed under the [Katharos License][k_license] which places certain restrictions on
what you are allowed to use it for. Please read and understand the terms before using LDtk-rs
for your project.

[k_license]: https://github.com/katharostech/katharos-license

Commit message:

Patch v0.8.1 JSON Schema to Fix Bug
- Fix error opening maps due to inaccurate JSON Schema

README.md, after:

# ldtk

[![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/bevy_ldtk.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/bevy_ldtk)
[![Docs.rs](https://docs.rs/bevy_ldtk/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/bevy_ldtk)
[![Katharos License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Katharos-blue)](https://github.com/katharostech/katharos-license)

A crate for reading the [LDtk] tile map format.

This crate implements the Rust structures necessary to Serialize and Deserialize the LDtk map
format using [`serde`].

## Example

```rust
use ldtk::Project;

fn main() -> Result<(), Box<dyn std::error::Error>> {
    // Load the map
    let map: Project =
        serde_json::from_slice(include_bytes!("../examples/full-features.ldtk"))?;

    // Debug print the map
    dbg!(map);

    Ok(())
}
```

[ldtk]: https://github.com/deepnight/ldtk

## Extra Documentation

For more information on using the LDtk project structure inside of games see the [LDtk
docs][ldtk_docs].

## Naming Conventions

This crate uses the same struct field names as the raw JSON format in almost all cases. The
exception to this rule is for fields that are named `type`. In this case the name of the field
will be prefixed with the name of it's struct, converted to snake case, for instance
`field_def_type`.

### The `__field_name` Convention

It is a convention of the LDtk map format to prefix certain convenience fields with two
underscores, such as `__tile_src_rect`. These fields are redundant, as the information in them
is also present elsewhere in the project structure, but they are provided in some cases where it
may make traversing the project structure much more convenient.

The double underscore prefix does **not** indicate that the field is a private field or an
implementation detail.

[ldtk_docs]: https://ldtk.io/docs/game-dev/json-overview/

## Build Configuration & Features

This entire crate is automatically generated from the [JSON Schema](http://json-schema.org/)
from the [LDtk repo](https://github.com/deepnight/ldtk/blob/master/docs/JSON_SCHEMA.json) and
can be automatically updated with LDtk releases.

By default the crate will use a copy of the JSON schema that is built into the crate so that it
doesn't require network access to build, but you can supply the `download-schema` cargo feature
to make the crate download the JSON schema from the LDtk repo.

This crate currently has the schema for the following versions of LDtk built-in:

- `v0.8.1` ( patched, see note below )
- `v0.7.0`

> **Note:** In version 0.8.1 there was a field that was marked as non-null in the JSON schema,
> but in one of the LDtk sample maps the field was null. We patched the JSON schema to make the
> field nullable so that the map would load correctly.

As newer LDtk versions are released we may update add new built-in schemas and update the
default schema to the latest one. Updates to the default schema are a breaking change and a new
release of this crate will be made.

### `LDTK_VERSION`

You can specify which version of LDtk you want to build this crate for by setting the
`LDTK_VERSION` environment variable at build time. Without the `download-schema` feature, the
`LDTK_VERSION` will default to the latest built-in schema version.

When the `download-schema` feature is set, the `LDTK_VERSION` will default to `master` which
will pull the latest schema from the master branch of the LDtk git repo.

## License

LDtk-rs is licensed under the [Katharos License][k_license] which places certain restrictions on
what you are allowed to use it for. Please read and understand the terms before using LDtk-rs
for your project.

[k_license]: https://github.com/katharostech/katharos-license
